# Changelog

Changelog for the AISL project.

## 0.0.1 - 2017-12-22
### Added
-   First WIP release of the project following Sprint 1!
-   Created four screens: backend, endline, make-a-vis, and mockup. Backend shows debug messages demonstrating that messages are being generated. Endline is the screen for the Run exhibit showing the runners' run times. Make-a-vis is the screen where users can create visualizations from the data generated by runners. Mockup is the screen showing a mockup of the make-a-vis screen (used for styling and research related to the looks of the site).
-   Endline is fully utilizing the messages generated by the backend, while make-a-vis is still in process for fully utilizing the data. Mockup does not use any 'live' data.
-   Each screen can be compiled to run just that screen for deployment/kiosk purposes.
-   Created a [demo site](https://cns-iu.github.io/aisl/) for presenting the four screens created during Sprint 1.

## 0.0.2 - 2018-01-26
### Added
-   Second WIP release following Sprint 2, see updated [demo site](https://cns-iu.github.io/aisl/)
-   A GraphQL schema has been created for the API
-   Messages are now being sent over GraphQL subscriptions from a WebWorker-based 'backend'
-   More of the visualization framework is in place to improve the two visualizations
-   Scatterplot has been cleaned up and using the updated framework
-   Geomap has been implemented in VEGA and using the data visualization framework

## 0.0.3 - 2018-02-16
### Added
-   Third WIP release following Sprint 3, see updated [demo site](https://cns-iu.github.io/aisl/)
-   Scatterplot and Geomap improvements: size, color, and shape coding; more fields have been added; shared code is closer to being the same even though one uses D3 and the other VEGA
-   Combined server, client (start line), and AISL (end line + MAV) projects using Lerna
-   All further development will be occur in the [xMacroscope Repository](https://github.com/cns-iu/xmacroscope)
-   AISL can communicate with server over GraphQL (currently disabled)
-   Client can send a RunSelected event following a sensor input (a simulated 's' press)
-   Server saves messages added via GraphQL and dispatches updates via GraphQL subscriptions over WebSockets
-   The setup was tested and verified at the local IU instance of the Run Exhbit (WIP). Details and setup instructions will come in the next Sprint.
